Readme.md, before:

# _Places You've Been_

#### _A Travel Diary Application_

#### By _**Ian Scott, Megan Hepner, Micheal Hansen**_

## Description

_Long description._

### Specifications
| | Spec | Input | Output | isComplete |
| :-------------     | :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |:------------- |
|1.|  |  |  | _False_ |
|2.|  |  |  |_False_  |
|3.|  |  |  |_False_  |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. This program utilizes .NET version 3.1, and requires this framework to be pre-installed:
    * Please go to https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.2 and install the SDK   version 2.2 or greater patch version, but do not upgrade to a higher minor version number.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer: https://github.com/...
3. In your preferred terminal window, navigate into PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME using cd (i.e. cd desktop/PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME) and open the project with your preferred code editor.
4. Run the following terminal command: $ dotnet restore
5. To initiate this program, run the command: $ dotnet run
6. To run the test suite included with this project, within the terminal navigate into PROJECTNAME.TESTS and run the following commands:
    * $ dotnet restore
    * $ dotnet test


## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

_Contact me at...._

## Technologies Used

- C#
- .NET

### License

_This software is licensed under the MIT license_

Copyright (c) 2020 **Ian Scott, Megan Hepner, Michael Hansen**.

Commit message:

add specifications to README.md, changes main project folder and .tests folder to reflect project name
Co-authored-by: Megan Hepner <megan.hepner@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Michael Hansen <micheal.hansen@gmail.com>

Readme.md, after:

# _Places You've Been_

#### _A Travel Diary Application_

#### By _**Ian Scott, Megan Hepner, Micheal Hansen**_

## Description

_Long description._

### Specifications
| | Spec | Input | Output | isComplete |
| :-------------     | :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |:------------- |
|1.|The program can instantiate a Place object of type Place | N/A | N/A | _False_|
|2.|Place objects have a cityName parameter which can be retrieved | N/A  | N/A |_False_|
|3.|The program can display a list of all Place objects |N/A | N/A |_False_|
|4.|The program will assign a unique id to each Place object |N/A |N/A|_False_ |
|5.|The program will be able to find a place object via a matching unique Id |N/A|N/A|_False_ |
|6.|The program will be able to edit a Place objects values |update location: Tokyo |Location: Tokyo|_False_ |
|7.|The program will be able to delete a Place object from the list of all place objects |Delete Entry|Entry Deleted |_False_ |
|8.|  |  |  |_False_ |

|9.|  |  |  |_False_ |
|10.|  |  |  |_False_ |
|11.|  |  |  |_False_ |
|12.|  |  |  |_False_ |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. This program utilizes .NET version 3.1, and requires this framework to be pre-installed:
    * Please go to https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/2.2 and install the SDK   version 2.2 or greater patch version, but do not upgrade to a higher minor version number.
2. Clone this repository onto your computer: https://github.com/...
3. In your preferred terminal window, navigate into PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME using cd (i.e. cd desktop/PROJECTNAME.SOLUTIONS/PROJECTNAME) and open the project with your preferred code editor.
4. Run the following terminal command: $ dotnet restore
5. To initiate this program, run the command: $ dotnet run
6. To run the test suite included with this project, within the terminal navigate into PROJECTNAME.TESTS and run the following commands:
    * $ dotnet restore
    * $ dotnet test


## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

_Contact me at...._

## Technologies Used

- C#
- .NET

### License

_This software is licensed under the MIT license_

Copyright (c) 2020 **Ian Scott, Megan Hepner, Michael Hansen**.
